Element: Water
Skill name: Healing Touch
Skill use: Utility
Skill base cooldown: 5 minutes
Skill ability: Whenever someone is in water, you can use this ability to heal them to full health. This ability willl also give the player Regen 2 for 2 minutes.

Element: Earth
Skill name: Earthquake
Skill use: Combat
Skill cooldown: 5 minutes
Skill ability: Deals 10 earth damage (bypassing armor) to everything in a 5x5 radius and blasts some blocks in the air (like tnt does, just for the funny looks)

Element: Air
Skill Name: Fog of Blindness
Skill Use: Utility
Skill Cooldown: 2 minutes
Skill Ability: Creates fog in a 10 x 10 radius, players in the smoke will have their nametags hidden, and will have invisibility.
               The fog lasts for a minute. Once it fades away, nametags will appear again and the invisibility will disappear.
               Mobs can't attack players in the fog unless the player attacks the mobs first.

Element: Earth
Skill Name: Mountain Bud / Atlas Column
Skill Use: Utility - Allows you to reach difficult places when exploring or building without harming the landscape
           Combat - Gives you height superiority over your opponent.
Skill Cooldown: 4 minutes?
Skill Ability: Summons a dirt like blocks peak under your feet (4-5 blocks high, 5 blocks wide), moving all affected entities accordingly so they don't suffocate.
               The slope would always be climbable using normal jumps to not brainfuck zombies too much, and the summoned blocks would disappear after about
               30 seconds, leaving the terrain untouched.

Element: Wind
Skill name: Cloud Embrace
Skill use: Both ig?
Skill base cooldown: 30s
Skill ability: Launches you into the sky, quite high (~10 blocks) and in the direction you're looking. You don't suffer fall damages while landing

Element: Fire
Skill Name: Wildfire
Skill Cooldown: 3 minutes
Skill Use: Comtility (Combat & Utility)
Skill Ability: All mobs in a 6x6 radius will be set on fire, and by all mobs I mean all mobs (Combat). When used near wooden blocks,
               they will also be set on fire. Can also be used to make mud into clay instantly (Utility).